Remove the scales and cut the head off the sardines.
Remove the guts, thoroughly wash with water, and wipe dry.
Work your fingers along the belly to open up the fish and separate the spine from the flesh.
Halve the myoga lengthwise and blanch in boiling water.
Mix the vinegar and the sugar, add the freshly cooked myoga, and marinate in a plastic bag for about 20 minutes.
Mix the sake, the sugar, the mirin, the soy sauce and the ginger juice.
Coat the sardines in the flour.
Heat the oil in a non-stick frying pan, fry both sides of the sardines, and remove them from the pan.
Put the mixture into the frying pan and reduce some of the liquid. Return the sardines to the pan and cover with the sauce.
Place the sardines and the marinated myoga on a dish and serve.